CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to RMWC

RMWC is open source and if you're reading this, it's your job to make it better.

## Development Process

We strive to make developing RMWC as frictionless as possible, both for ourselves and for our community. This section should get you up and running working on the RMWC codebase. Before beginning development, you may want to dive into the source code to get an overall understanding of structure.

### Setting up your development environment

You'll need a recent version of [nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/) to work on RMWC. We test using the latest node versions, so use the latest where possible. The dev environment is verified to work with Node versions 7 and up.

> **NOTE**: If you expect to commit updated or new dependencies, please ensure you are using npm 5, which will
> also update `package-lock.json` correctly when you install or upgrade packages.

Once node is installed, simply clone our repo (or your fork of it) and run `npm install`. You'll notice you have to install react and react-dom with the no-save option. These are peer dependencies that are not installed automatically.

```
git@github.com:jamesmfriedman/rmwc.git # or a path to your fork
cd rmwc && npm i
```

### Building Components

Each component requires the following items in order to be complete:

* A **index.js** file containing the bulk of the component code. This makes importing easier.
* A **story** using Storybook. This is where the component can be developed in isolation.
* A **test** using enzyme
* A **README.md** 
* A **package.json** file with the appropriate information
* Extra challenging, RMWC uses flow types that are automatically converted to Typescript at build time. In order to verify the typescript conversion is working properly, you can run npm run build:code. You must add a path alias for the component in tsconfig.json.
* It needs to be added to the src/rmwc/package.json
* It folder needs to be added camelcased in RMWC that re-exports its index file

### Running development server

#### Local development server

```
npm run start
open http://localhost:3000
```

### Building RMWC

RMWC has a process which runs the components through Babel, and moves them into the root directory before publishing. This allows consumers to import from `rmwc/Button` instead of `rmwc/lib/Button`. The docs are built using Create React Apps build process.

To "build" the library for distribution

```
npm run build
```

To build the umd module

```
npm run build:lib
```

To build the docs

```
npm run build:docs
```

#### Running Tests

Make sure you have the devDependencies installed and then just use `npm test`. This should launch the tests in watch mode and continuously look for changed files to run.

```
npm test
```

### Coding Style

Our entire coding style is enforced automatically through the use of eslint and prettier. You need to use an IDE that supports these plugins or have a way to post process the files with prettier-eslint. VSCode is free and a breeze to use.

### Submitting Pull Requests

When submitting PRs, make sure you're following our commit message conventions.

RMWC uses [generate-changelog](https://www.npmjs.com/package/generate-changelog) to build the CHANGELOG.md file. All commits should only complete a single task and be formatted like the following. Use the most relevant label from generate-changelog, i.e. fix, breaking, docs, chore, etc.

```
type(category): description [flags]

fix(Button): Fixed some terrible bug

chore(Slider): Did something tedious
```

When submitting PRs for large changes, be sure to include an adequate background in the description
so that reviewers of the PR know what the changes entail at a high-level, the motivations for making
these changes, and what they affect.

If you've done some experimental work on your branch/fork and committed these via `git commit --no-verify`, you can rebase them into one correctly-formatted commit before submitting.

Finally, it helps to make sure that your branch/fork is up to date with what's currently on master. You can ensure this by running `git pull --rebase origin master` on your branch.

> **NOTE**: Please do _not merge_ master into your branch. _Always_ `pull --rebase` instead. This ensures a linear history by always putting the work you've done after the work that's already on master, regardless of the date in which those commits were made.

Commit message:

docs(Contributing): Updating contributing docs with a bit more info fixes #359

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to RMWC

RMWC is open source and if you're reading this, it's your job to make it better.

## Development Process

We strive to make developing RMWC as frictionless as possible, both for ourselves and for our community. This section should get you up and running working on the RMWC codebase. Before beginning development, you may want to dive into the source code to get an overall understanding of structure.

### Setting up your development environment

You'll need a recent version of [nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/) to work on RMWC. We test using the latest node versions, so use the latest where possible. The dev environment is verified to work with Node versions 7 and up. Currently, RMWC development has only been done on Mac. If you are using a windows or linux based machine, please document your experience!

> **NOTE**: If you expect to commit updated or new dependencies, please ensure you are using npm 5, which will
> also update `package-lock.json` correctly when you install or upgrade packages.

Once node is installed, simply clone our repo (or your fork of it) and run `npm install`. You'll notice you have to install react and react-dom with the no-save option. These are peer dependencies that are not installed automatically.

```
git@github.com:jamesmfriedman/rmwc.git # or a path to your fork
cd rmwc && npm i
```

### Contributing to Existing Components

The most importing thing to know about RMWC is that a lot is done automatically for you based on the Flow Types. Because of this, your typings have to be correct.

- The Prop types in the docs are automatically generated at build time from the Flow Types. DO NOT update a docgen.json file manually
- Typescript definitions are also automatically generated from the Flow Types. The best check for this to make sure Typescript is working is to run `npm run build:code`. This will create the Typescript definition files and happily report any errors to you. Read more about Types below.
- The markdown files are actually pulled in at build time and are the actual docs you see on the doc site.

It is also worth noting that the foundation / adapter integration that `material-components-web` suggests using can appear daunting at times. Don't let it scare you out of trying to give back. When in doubt, just ping us on [Discord](https://discordapp.com/invite/4BSUxCW)

## Cheat sheet
- `npm start` - run the docs site
- `npm run test:watch` - run the tests in watch mode while developing
- `npm run build:code` - compile the code to check for Typescript issues
- `npm run docgen` - generates the prop types for the docs. This will unfortunately spit out some unfixable errors that you can mostly disregard. This automatically gets run when the docs get built, but you can manually run it for testing purposes.

## Typings

- Flow and Typescript are similar enough to where a light conversion process is all that is needed to turn one into the other
- While `any` is generally considered bad practice, it is an escape hatch that you can employ to get out of some impossible intersections.
- Flow uses a leading `?` for nullable types, but Typescript doesn't recognize this. Instead, use a union of `value | null`


### Building Components

Each component requires the following items in order to be complete:

* A **index.js** file containing the bulk of the component code. This makes importing easier.
* A **story** using Storybook. This is where the component can be developed in isolation.
* A **test** using enzyme
* A **README.md** 
* A **package.json** file with the appropriate information
* Extra challenging, RMWC uses flow types that are automatically converted to Typescript at build time. In order to verify the typescript conversion is working properly, you can run npm run build:code. You must add a path alias for the component in tsconfig.json.
* It needs to be added to the src/rmwc/package.json
* It folder needs to be added camelcased in RMWC that re-exports its index file

### Running development server

#### Local development server

```
npm run start
open http://localhost:3000
```

### Building RMWC

RMWC has a process which runs the components through Babel, and moves them into the root directory before publishing. This allows consumers to import from `rmwc/Button` instead of `rmwc/lib/Button`. The docs are built using Create React Apps build process.

To "build" the library for distribution

```
npm run build
```

To build the docs

```
npm run build:docs
```

#### Running Tests

Make sure you have the devDependencies installed and then just use `npm test`. This should launch the tests in watch mode and continuously look for changed files to run.

```
npm test
```

### Coding Style

Our entire coding style is enforced automatically through the use of eslint and prettier. You need to use an IDE that supports these plugins or have a way to post process the files with prettier-eslint. VSCode is free and a breeze to use.

### Submitting Pull Requests

When submitting PRs, make sure you're following our commit message conventions.

RMWC uses [generate-changelog](https://www.npmjs.com/package/generate-changelog) to build the CHANGELOG.md file. All commits should only complete a single task and be formatted like the following. Use the most relevant label from generate-changelog, i.e. fix, breaking, docs, chore, etc.

```
type(category): description [flags]

fix(Button): Fixed some terrible bug

chore(Slider): Did something tedious
```

When submitting PRs for large changes, be sure to include an adequate background in the description
so that reviewers of the PR know what the changes entail at a high-level, the motivations for making
these changes, and what they affect.

If you've done some experimental work on your branch/fork and committed these via `git commit --no-verify`, you can rebase them into one correctly-formatted commit before submitting.

Finally, it helps to make sure that your branch/fork is up to date with what's currently on master. You can ensure this by running `git pull --rebase origin master` on your branch.

> **NOTE**: Please do _not merge_ master into your branch. _Always_ `pull --rebase` instead. This ensures a linear history by always putting the work you've done after the work that's already on master, regardless of the date in which those commits were made.
