src/dialog/README.md, before:

# Dialogs

> Dialogs inform users about a specific task and may contain critical information, require decisions, or involve multiple tasks.

- Module **@rmwc/dialog**
- Import styles:
  - import **'@material/dialog/dist/mdc.dialog.css'**
  - import **'@material/button/dist/mdc.button.css'**
- MDC Docs: [https://material.io/develop/web/components/dialogs/](https://material.io/develop/web/components/dialogs/)

## Standard Usage

```jsx
function Example() {
  const [open, setOpen] = React.useState(false);
  return (
    <>
      <Dialog
        open={open}
        onClose={evt => {
          console.log(evt.detail.action);
          setOpen(false);
        }}
      >
        <DialogTitle>Dialog Title</DialogTitle>
        <DialogContent>This is a standard dialog.</DialogContent>
        <DialogActions>
          <DialogButton action="close">Cancel</DialogButton>
          <DialogButton action="accept" isDefaultAction>
            Sweet!
          </DialogButton>
        </DialogActions>
      </Dialog>

      <Button raised onClick={() => setOpen(true)}>
        Open standard Dialog
      </Button>
    </>
  );
}
```

## Simplified Usage

Material Dialogs are a complex component. RMWC contains an additional `SimpleDialog` component for ease of use that internally contains the default structure already built out. Illustrated below is both the standard and simple dialog usage.

```jsx
function Example() {
  const [open, setOpen] = React.useState(false);
  return (
    <>
      <SimpleDialog
        title="This is a simple dialog"
        body="You can pass the body prop or children."
        open={open}
        onClose={evt => {
          console.log(evt.detail.action);
          setOpen(false);
        }}
      />

      <Button raised onClick={() => setOpen(true)}>
        Open Simple Dialog
      </Button>
    </>
  );
}
```

## Usage with DialogQueue

Some dialog interactions are complex, but a lot of the time you just need a simple alert or confirm dialog. `DialogQueue` allows you to open dialogs from anywhere in your app and emulates the browsers built in `alert`, `confirm` and `prompt` dialogs. If you've used the `SnackbarQueue`, the `DialogQueue` is very similar.

Setup is nice and easy, create a queue object you can pass around in your code base, pass the queues `dialogs` to the `DialogQueue`component, and then use the `alert`, `prompt` or `confirm` api to open dialogs.

```jsx

// Create a file that exports your queue
// myQueue.js
import { createDialogQueue } from '@rmwc/dialog';

export const queue = createDialogQueue()
```

```jsx

// Somewhere at the top level of your app
// Render the DialogQueue
import React from 'react';
import { queue } from './myQueue';

export default function App() {
  return (
    <div>
      ...
      <DialogQueue
        dialogs={queue.dialogs}
        // You can also pass default options to pass to your dialogs
        // ie, prevent all dialogs from dismissing from a click on the background scrim
        preventOutsideDismiss
      />
    </div>
  )
}
```

The `alert`, `confirm`, and `prompt` functions were designed to mimic the the built-in browser methods with a couple of small difference. First, they all return a promise. The promise will always resolve successfully with the response indicating the appropriate action. `alert` the response will be `accept` for clicking the ok button, or `close`. `confirm` will resolve `true` or `false`, and `prompt` will resolve with the value entered into the input, or `null` if the closed the dialog. Second, all methods the methods accept any valid prop for `SimpleDialog`.

```jsx

// Somewhere else in your app
// Could be a view, your redux store, anywhere you want...
import { queue } from './myQueue';

queue.alert({
  title: 'Hi there',
  body: 'Whats going on?'
});

queue.confirm({
  title: <b>Are you positive?</b>,
  body: 'You have selected pizza instead icecream!',
  acceptLabel: 'CONFIRM'
});

queue.prompt({
  title: 'Whats your name?',
  body: 'Anything will do',
  acceptLabel: 'Submit',
  cancelLabel: 'Skip',
  // For prompts only, you can pass props to the input
  inputProps: {
    outlined: true
  }
})
```

```jsx
() => {
  const { dialogs, alert, confirm, prompt } = createDialogQueue();

  function App() {
    const [response, setResponse] = React.useState('____________');

    const fireAlert = () =>
      alert({ title: 'Hello!' }).then(res => setResponse(res));

    const fireConfirm = () => confirm({}).then(res => setResponse(res));

    const firePrompt = () =>
      prompt({ inputProps: { outlined: true } }).then(res =>
        setResponse(res)
      );

    return (
      <div>
        <Button label="Alert" onClick={fireAlert} />
        <Button label="Confirm" onClick={fireConfirm} />
        <Button label="Prompt" onClick={firePrompt} />
        <Button
          label="In Sequence"
          onClick={() => {
            fireAlert();
            fireConfirm();
            firePrompt();
          }}
        />

        <p>
          Response: <b>{String(response)}</b>
        </p>
        <DialogQueue dialogs={dialogs} />
      </div>
    );
  }
  return <App />;
}
```

## Dialog
A Dialog component.

### Props

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `onClose` | `undefined \| (evt: DialogOnCloseEventT) => void` | Callback for when the Dialog closes. evt.detail = { action?: string } |
| `onOpen` | `undefined \| (evt: DialogOnOpenEventT) => void` | Callback for when the Dialog opens. |
| `onStateChange` | `undefined \| (state: "opening" \| "opened" \| "closing" \| "closed") => void` | Callback to use if you need more direct access to the Dialog's lifecycle. |
| `open` | `undefined \| false \| true` | Whether or not the Dialog is showing. |
| `preventOutsideDismiss` | `undefined \| false \| true` | Prevent the dialog from closing when the scrim is clicked. |


## DialogTitle
The Dialog title.



## DialogContent
The Dialog content.



## DialogActions
Actions container for the Dialog.



## DialogButton
Action buttons for the Dialog.

### Props

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `action` | `undefined \| string` | An action returned in evt.detail.action to the onClose handler. |
| `children` | `React.ReactNode` | Content specified as children. |
| `danger` | `undefined \| false \| true` | Used to indicate a dangerous action. |
| `dense` | `undefined \| false \| true` | Make the Button dense. |
| `disabled` | `undefined \| false \| true` | Make the button disabled |
| `icon` | `RMWC.IconPropT` | An Icon for the Button |
| `isDefaultAction` | `undefined \| false \| true` | Indicates this is the default selected action when pressing enter |
| `label` | `React.ReactNode \| any` | Content specified as a label prop. |
| `outlined` | `undefined \| false \| true` | Make the button outlined. |
| `raised` | `undefined \| false \| true` | Make the Button raised. |
| `ripple` | `RipplePropT` | Adds a ripple effect to the component |
| `trailingIcon` | `RMWC.IconPropT` | A trailing icon for the Button |
| `unelevated` | `undefined \| false \| true` | Make the button unelevated. |


##

Commit message:

fixing changset for generated props during docs build

src/dialog/README.md, after:

# Dialogs

> Dialogs inform users about a specific task and may contain critical information, require decisions, or involve multiple tasks.

- Module **@rmwc/dialog**
- Import styles:
  - import **'@material/dialog/dist/mdc.dialog.css'**
  - import **'@material/button/dist/mdc.button.css'**
- MDC Docs: [https://material.io/develop/web/components/dialogs/](https://material.io/develop/web/components/dialogs/)

## Standard Usage

```jsx
function Example() {
  const [open, setOpen] = React.useState(false);
  return (
    <>
      <Dialog
        open={open}
        onClose={evt => {
          console.log(evt.detail.action);
          setOpen(false);
        }}
      >
        <DialogTitle>Dialog Title</DialogTitle>
        <DialogContent>This is a standard dialog.</DialogContent>
        <DialogActions>
          <DialogButton action="close">Cancel</DialogButton>
          <DialogButton action="accept" isDefaultAction>
            Sweet!
          </DialogButton>
        </DialogActions>
      </Dialog>

      <Button raised onClick={() => setOpen(true)}>
        Open standard Dialog
      </Button>
    </>
  );
}
```

## Simplified Usage

Material Dialogs are a complex component. RMWC contains an additional `SimpleDialog` component for ease of use that internally contains the default structure already built out. Illustrated below is both the standard and simple dialog usage.

```jsx
function Example() {
  const [open, setOpen] = React.useState(false);
  return (
    <>
      <SimpleDialog
        title="This is a simple dialog"
        body="You can pass the body prop or children."
        open={open}
        onClose={evt => {
          console.log(evt.detail.action);
          setOpen(false);
        }}
      />

      <Button raised onClick={() => setOpen(true)}>
        Open Simple Dialog
      </Button>
    </>
  );
}
```

## Usage with DialogQueue

Some dialog interactions are complex, but a lot of the time you just need a simple alert or confirm dialog. `DialogQueue` allows you to open dialogs from anywhere in your app and emulates the browsers built in `alert`, `confirm` and `prompt` dialogs. If you've used the `SnackbarQueue`, the `DialogQueue` is very similar.

Setup is nice and easy, create a queue object you can pass around in your code base, pass the queues `dialogs` to the `DialogQueue`component, and then use the `alert`, `prompt` or `confirm` api to open dialogs.

```jsx

// Create a file that exports your queue
// myQueue.js
import { createDialogQueue } from '@rmwc/dialog';

export const queue = createDialogQueue()
```

```jsx

// Somewhere at the top level of your app
// Render the DialogQueue
import React from 'react';
import { queue } from './myQueue';

export default function App() {
  return (
    <div>
      ...
      <DialogQueue
        dialogs={queue.dialogs}
        // You can also pass default options to pass to your dialogs
        // ie, prevent all dialogs from dismissing from a click on the background scrim
        preventOutsideDismiss
      />
    </div>
  )
}
```

The `alert`, `confirm`, and `prompt` functions were designed to mimic the the built-in browser methods with a couple of small difference. First, they all return a promise. The promise will always resolve successfully with the response indicating the appropriate action. `alert` the response will be `accept` for clicking the ok button, or `close`. `confirm` will resolve `true` or `false`, and `prompt` will resolve with the value entered into the input, or `null` if the closed the dialog. Second, all methods the methods accept any valid prop for `SimpleDialog`.

```jsx

// Somewhere else in your app
// Could be a view, your redux store, anywhere you want...
import { queue } from './myQueue';

queue.alert({
  title: 'Hi there',
  body: 'Whats going on?'
});

queue.confirm({
  title: <b>Are you positive?</b>,
  body: 'You have selected pizza instead icecream!',
  acceptLabel: 'CONFIRM'
});

queue.prompt({
  title: 'Whats your name?',
  body: 'Anything will do',
  acceptLabel: 'Submit',
  cancelLabel: 'Skip',
  // For prompts only, you can pass props to the input
  inputProps: {
    outlined: true
  }
})
```

```jsx
() => {
  const { dialogs, alert, confirm, prompt } = createDialogQueue();

  function App() {
    const [response, setResponse] = React.useState('____________');

    const fireAlert = () =>
      alert({ title: 'Hello!' }).then(res => setResponse(res));

    const fireConfirm = () => confirm({}).then(res => setResponse(res));

    const firePrompt = () =>
      prompt({ inputProps: { outlined: true } }).then(res =>
        setResponse(res)
      );

    return (
      <div>
        <Button label="Alert" onClick={fireAlert} />
        <Button label="Confirm" onClick={fireConfirm} />
        <Button label="Prompt" onClick={firePrompt} />
        <Button
          label="In Sequence"
          onClick={() => {
            fireAlert();
            fireConfirm();
            firePrompt();
          }}
        />

        <p>
          Response: <b>{String(response)}</b>
        </p>
        <DialogQueue dialogs={dialogs} />
      </div>
    );
  }
  return <App />;
}
```

## Dialog
A Dialog component.

### Props

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `onClose` | `undefined \| (evt: DialogOnCloseEventT) => void` | Callback for when the Dialog closes. evt.detail = { action?: string } |
| `onOpen` | `undefined \| (evt: DialogOnOpenEventT) => void` | Callback for when the Dialog opens. |
| `onStateChange` | `undefined \| (state: "opening" \| "opened" \| "closing" \| "closed") => void` | Callback to use if you need more direct access to the Dialog's lifecycle. |
| `open` | `undefined \| false \| true` | Whether or not the Dialog is showing. |
| `preventOutsideDismiss` | `undefined \| false \| true` | Prevent the dialog from closing when the scrim is clicked. |


## DialogTitle
The Dialog title.



## DialogContent
The Dialog content.



## DialogActions
Actions container for the Dialog.



## DialogButton
Action buttons for the Dialog.

### Props

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `action` | `undefined \| string` | An action returned in evt.detail.action to the onClose handler. |
| `children` | `React.ReactNode` | Content specified as children. |
| `danger` | `undefined \| false \| true` | Used to indicate a dangerous action. |
| `dense` | `undefined \| false \| true` | Make the Button dense. |
| `disabled` | `undefined \| false \| true` | Make the button disabled |
| `icon` | `RMWC.IconPropT` | An Icon for the Button |
| `isDefaultAction` | `undefined \| false \| true` | Indicates this is the default selected action when pressing enter |
| `label` | `React.ReactNode \| any` | Content specified as a label prop. |
| `outlined` | `undefined \| false \| true` | Make the button outlined. |
| `raised` | `undefined \| false \| true` | Make the Button raised. |
| `ripple` | `RipplePropT` | Adds a ripple effect to the component |
| `trailingIcon` | `RMWC.IconPropT` | A trailing icon for the Button |
| `unelevated` | `undefined \| false \| true` | Make the button unelevated. |


## SimpleDialog
A SimpleDialog component for ease of use.

### Props

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| `acceptLabel` | `React.ReactNode` | Creates an accept button for the default Dialog template with a given label. You can pass `null` to remove the button. |
| `body` | `React.ReactNode` | Body content for the default Dialog template, rendered before children. |
| `cancelLabel` | `React.ReactNode` | Creates an cancel button for the default Dialog with a given label. You can pass `null` to remove the button. |
| `children` | `React.ReactNode` | Any children will be rendered in the body of the default Dialog template. |
| `footer` | `React.ReactNode` | Additional footer content for the default Dialog template, rendered before any buttons. |
| `header` | `React.ReactNode` | Additional Dialog header content for the default Dialog template. |
| `onClose` | `undefined \| (evt: DialogOnCloseEventT) => void` | Callback for when the Dialog closes. evt.detail = { action?: string } |
| `onOpen` | `undefined \| (evt: DialogOnOpenEventT) => void` | Callback for when the Dialog opens. |
| `onStateChange` | `undefined \| (state: "opening" \| "opened" \| "closing" \| "closed") => void` | Callback to use if you need more direct access to the Dialog's lifecycle. |
| `open` | `undefined \| false \| true` | Whether or not the Dialog is showing. |
| `preventOutsideDismiss` | `undefined \| false \| true` | Prevent the dialog from closing when the scrim is clicked. |
| `title` | `React.ReactNode` | A title for the default Dialog template. |
