src/Typography/typography.md, before:

# Typography

> Material Design’s text sizes and styles were developed to balance content density and reading comfort under typical usage conditions.

import from **rmwc/Typography**  
[https://material.io/components/web/catalog/typography/](https://material.io/components/web/catalog/typography/)

```jsx render
import { Typography } from 'rmwc/Typography';

<Typography use="headline1">headline1</Typography>
<Typography use="headline2">headline2</Typography>
<Typography use="headline3">headline3</Typography>
<Typography use="headline4">headline4</Typography>
<Typography use="headline5">headline5</Typography>
<Typography use="headline6">headline6</Typography>
<Typography use="subtitle1">subtitle1</Typography>
<Typography use="subtitle2">subtitle2</Typography>
<Typography use="body1">body1</Typography>
<Typography use="body2">body2</Typography>
<Typography use="caption">caption</Typography>
<Typography use="button">button</Typography>
<Typography use="overline">overline</Typography>
```

```jsx renderOnly
import { DocumentComponent } from 'rmwc/Base/utils/DocumentComponent';

<DocumentComponent displayName="Typography" />
```

Commit message:

docs(Styles): Docs now include where to import the individual component styles

src/Typography/typography.md, after:

# Typography

> Material Design’s text sizes and styles were developed to balance content density and reading comfort under typical usage conditions.

- import from **rmwc/Typography**  
- import styles from **@material/typography/dist/mdc.typography.css**
- [https://material.io/develop/web/components/typography/](https://material.io/develop/web/components/typography/)

```jsx render
import { Typography } from 'rmwc/Typography';

<Typography use="headline1">headline1</Typography>
<Typography use="headline2">headline2</Typography>
<Typography use="headline3">headline3</Typography>
<Typography use="headline4">headline4</Typography>
<Typography use="headline5">headline5</Typography>
<Typography use="headline6">headline6</Typography>
<Typography use="subtitle1">subtitle1</Typography>
<Typography use="subtitle2">subtitle2</Typography>
<Typography use="body1">body1</Typography>
<Typography use="body2">body2</Typography>
<Typography use="caption">caption</Typography>
<Typography use="button">button</Typography>
<Typography use="overline">overline</Typography>
```

```jsx renderOnly
import { DocumentComponent } from 'rmwc/Base/utils/DocumentComponent';

<DocumentComponent displayName="Typography" />
```
