src/Radio/radio.md, before:

# Radio Buttons

> Radio buttons allow the user to select one option from a set. Use radio buttons for exclusive selection if you think that the user needs to see all available options side-by-side.

import from **rmwc/Radio**  
[https://material.io/components/web/catalog/input-controls/radio-buttons/](https://material.io/components/web/catalog/input-controls/radio-buttons/)

### Controlled Usage

```jsx render
import { Radio } from 'rmwc/Radio';

<Radio
  value="cookies"
  checked={this.state.value === 'cookies'}
  onChange={evt => this.setState({value: evt.target.value})}>
  Cookies
</Radio>

<Radio
  value="pizza"
  checked={this.state.value === 'pizza'}
  onChange={evt => this.setState({value: evt.target.value})}>
  Pizza
</Radio>

<Radio
  value="icecream"
  checked={this.state.value === 'icecream'}
  onChange={evt => this.setState({value: evt.target.value})}>
  Icecream
</Radio>
```

### Uncontrolled Usage

You can use Radio Buttons and receive change events without having to manually set the `checked` prop. Just give the Radio components the same `name`. This example also shows using the `label` prop instead of setting the label as a child.

```jsx render
import { Radio } from 'rmwc/Radio';

<Radio
  label="Cookies"
  value="cookies"
  name="myRadioGroup"
  onChange={evt => console.log(evt.target.value)}
/>

<Radio
  label="Pizza"
  value="pizza"
  name="myRadioGroup"
  onChange={evt => console.log(evt.target.value)}
/>

<Radio
  label="Icecream"
  value="icecream"
  name="myRadioGroup"
  onChange={evt => console.log(evt.target.value)}
/>
```

```jsx renderOnly
import { DocumentComponent } from 'rmwc/Base/utils/DocumentComponent';

<DocumentComponent displayName="Radio" />
```

Commit message:

docs(Styles): Docs now include where to import the individual component styles

src/Radio/radio.md, after:

# Radio Buttons

> Radio buttons allow the user to select one option from a set. Use radio buttons for exclusive selection if you think that the user needs to see all available options side-by-side.

- import from **rmwc/Radio**
- import styles from **@material/radio/dist/mdc.radio.css**
- [https://material.io/develop/web/components/input-controls/radio-buttons/](https://material.io/develop/web/components/input-controls/radio-buttons/)

### Controlled Usage

```jsx render
import { Radio } from 'rmwc/Radio';

<Radio
  value="cookies"
  checked={this.state.value === 'cookies'}
  onChange={evt => this.setState({value: evt.target.value})}>
  Cookies
</Radio>

<Radio
  value="pizza"
  checked={this.state.value === 'pizza'}
  onChange={evt => this.setState({value: evt.target.value})}>
  Pizza
</Radio>

<Radio
  value="icecream"
  checked={this.state.value === 'icecream'}
  onChange={evt => this.setState({value: evt.target.value})}>
  Icecream
</Radio>
```

### Uncontrolled Usage

You can use Radio Buttons and receive change events without having to manually set the `checked` prop. Just give the Radio components the same `name`. This example also shows using the `label` prop instead of setting the label as a child.

```jsx render
import { Radio } from 'rmwc/Radio';

<Radio
  label="Cookies"
  value="cookies"
  name="myRadioGroup"
  onChange={evt => console.log(evt.target.value)}
/>

<Radio
  label="Pizza"
  value="pizza"
  name="myRadioGroup"
  onChange={evt => console.log(evt.target.value)}
/>

<Radio
  label="Icecream"
  value="icecream"
  name="myRadioGroup"
  onChange={evt => console.log(evt.target.value)}
/>
```

```jsx renderOnly
import { DocumentComponent } from 'rmwc/Base/utils/DocumentComponent';

<DocumentComponent displayName="Radio" />
```
